Good
Here
It is a commodity Tteyuu jp Ru of the circulator White
Ha
em
Good Iiii
ano ang
tan
came
bejean
ana
eme
Good
I bought it at Amazon but to
If you ever say amazon you know that everyone will dance
Normal Amazon box this time I will come in the goods to of had a whiff from the window
Here is direct Azone
This sticker pasted house is as it is
It has been hit as it is
Well it does not matter to the other party but it can be opened
Waiting for Sue
Come on
It is a great ugly compact
Yes here
Ze beer of the previous letter
It looks like this switch
Here comes
It comes with air and Ford
When you why say whether corporate income I have had banging drums in personally a little To band of
Whether it was among the situation, such as never was able to Te also another studio of cooler hot and made Itsuma
It was so hot that it almost broke, so it went to purchase
And because the pinpoint of leather and the circulator can be hit if it is a fan
Case
If the wind is a fan, it will spread like this
But in the case of Keita,
I like this angle Oh
Because
That laundry or something
The rest is that
When you get drunk in the smell of the room
At that time, that
Now , for example, open the masochist window
If you put a circulator and the air can be used for replacement etc.
Let's put on what will be waiting
Hm
It is inside
We dancing dancing
I say Japan but
It is amazing simple to another manner Well
Material is plastic
We introduce today in the mean that products in beer
It was an introduction of a product called circulator white
By the way
Come on this is also a good angle
It can also be used towards the top
That means you can use it, for example, in the laundry
Nde I think Well there is a bet by various
After that, please study by yourself